[text]
input_text.icon_header_covers = fal:blinds
input_text.icon_covers = fal:blinds
input_text.icon_footer_menu = far:bars
input_text.icon_footer_home = far:home
input_text.icon_header_menu = fal:bars
input_text.icon_header_alarm = fal:sensor-alert
input_text.icon_header_lights = fal:lamp-floor
input_text.icon_header_devices = fal:light-switch-on
input_text.icon_header_climate = fal:thermometer-three-quarters
input_text.icon_header_battery = fal:battery-half
input_text.icon_header_security = fal:sensor-alert
input_text.icon_header_automations = fal:magic
input_text.icon_header_cleaning = fal:calendar-edit
input_text.icon_header_scenes = fal:bring-forward
input_text.icon_header_vacuum = fal:vacuum-robot
input_text.icon_header_calendar = fal:calendar
input_text.icon_header_computers = fal:desktop
input_text.icon_header_download = fal:download
input_text.icon_header_energy = fal:chart-line
input_text.icon_header_floorplan = mdi:floor-plan
input_text.icon_header_location = fal:location-circle
input_text.icon_header_laundry = fal:washer
input_text.icon_header_system = fal:monitor-heart-rate
input_text.icon_header_media = mdi:plex
input_text.icon_header_traffic = fab:waze
input_text.icon_header_weather = fal:clouds-sun
input_text.icon_power = fal:power-off
input_text.icon_frost = fal:snowflake
input_text.icon_heat = fal:fire-alt
input_text.icon_alarm = fal:sensor-alert
input_text.icon_sensor = far:sensor
input_text.icon_door = mdi:door
input_text.icon_window = mdi:window-closed
input_text.icon_battery = fal:battery-half
input_text.icon_climate = fal:thermometer-three-quarters
input_text.icon_light = fal:lamp-floor
input_text.icon_device = fal:light-switch-on
input_text.icon_security = fal:cctv
input_text.icon_cleaning = fal:calendar-edit
input_text.icon_scene = fal:bring-forward
input_text.icon_vacuum = fal:vacuum-robot
input_text.icon_remote = fab:buromobelexperte
input_text.icon_automation = fal:magic
input_text.icon_calendar = fal:calendar
input_text.icon_computer = fal:server 
input_text.icon_download = fal:download 
input_text.icon_energy = fal:chart-line
input_text.icon_floorplan = mdi:floor-plan
input_text.icon_laundry = fal:washer
input_text.icon_location = fal:location-circle
input_text.icon_media = mdi:plex
input_text.icon_system = fal:monitor-heart-rate
input_text.icon_traffic = fab:waze
input_text.icon_weather = fal:clouds-sun

input_text.icon_fan = far:fan
input_text.icon_info = far:info-circle
input_text.icon_play = far:play-circle
input_text.icon_pause = far:pause-circle
input_text.icon_stop = far:stop-circle
input_text.icon_sync = far:sync-alt
input_text.icon_mop = far:solar-system
