[text]
input_text.name_header_secondary_lights = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_devices = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_climate = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_security = Overview
input_text.name_header_secondary_automations = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_battery = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_calendar = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_cleaning = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_computers = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_energy = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_floorplan = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_laundry = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_location = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_media = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_scenes = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_system = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_traffic = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_vacuum = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_weather = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_menu = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_alarm = Overview 
input_text.name_header_secondary_download = Overview 

input_text.name_header_secondary_covers = Overview
input_text.name_header_covers = Covers
input_text.name_covers = Covers
input_text.name_covers_label = Panel

input_text.name_custom = Custom
input_text.name_favorites = Favorites
input_text.name_all = All
input_text.name_power = Power
input_text.name_frost = Frost
input_text.name_protection = Protection
input_text.name_heat = Heat
input_text.name_on = 'On'
input_text.name_off = 'Off'
input_text.name_header_about = About
input_text.name_header_automations = Automations
input_text.name_header_battery = Battery
input_text.name_header_calendar = Calendar
input_text.name_header_system = System
input_text.name_header_computers = Computers
input_text.name_header_energy = Energy
input_text.name_header_media = Media
input_text.name_header_floorplan = Floor Plan
input_text.name_header_laundry = Laundry Room
input_text.name_header_location = Location
input_text.name_header_traffic = Traffic Information
input_text.name_header_weather = Weather
input_text.name_header_alarm = Alarm
input_text.name_header_climate = Climate
input_text.name_header_lights = Lights
input_text.name_header_devices = Devices
input_text.name_header_security = Security
input_text.name_header_cleaning = Cleaning
input_text.name_header_scenes = Scenes
input_text.name_header_remote = Remote
input_text.name_header_vacuum = Vacuum
input_text.name_header_menu = Menu
input_text.name_header_settings = Settings
input_text.name_presets = Presets
input_text.name_thermostat = Thermostat
input_text.name_fans = Fans
input_text.name_temperature = Temperature
input_text.name_humidity = Humidity
input_text.name_air_pressure = Air Pressure
input_text.name_cameras = Camera's
input_text.name_doors = Doors
input_text.name_windows = Windows
input_text.name_motion = Motion
input_text.name_other = Other
input_text.name_good_morning = Good Morning
input_text.name_good_afternoon = Good Afternoon
input_text.name_good_evening = Good Evening
input_text.name_good_night = Good Night
input_text.name_battery = Battery
input_text.name_battery_label = Overview
input_text.name_automation = Automation
input_text.name_automation_label = Manager
input_text.name_calendar = Calendar
input_text.name_calendar_label = Overview
input_text.name_computer = Computer
input_text.name_computer_label = Monitor
input_text.name_download = Download
input_text.name_download_label = Manager
input_text.name_energy = Energy
input_text.name_energy_label = Overview
input_text.name_floorplan = Floor Plan
input_text.name_floorplan_label = Map
input_text.name_laundry = Laundry
input_text.name_laundry_label = Room
input_text.name_location = Location
input_text.name_location_label = Map
input_text.name_media = Media
input_text.name_media_label = Center
input_text.name_system = System
input_text.name_system_label = Monitor
input_text.name_traffic = Traffic
input_text.name_traffic_label = Information
input_text.name_weather = Weather
input_text.name_weather_label = Information
input_text.name_light = Light
input_text.name_light_label = Control
input_text.name_device = Device
input_text.name_device_label = Control
input_text.name_climate = Climate
input_text.name_climate_label = Control
input_text.name_security = Security
input_text.name_security_label = Panel
input_text.name_cleaning = Cleaning
input_text.name_cleaning_label = List
input_text.name_scene = Scene
input_text.name_scene_label = Control
input_text.name_vacuum = Vacuum
input_text.name_vacuum_label = Control
input_text.name_remote = Remote
input_text.name_remote_label = Control
input_text.name_alarm = Alarm
input_text.name_alarm_label = Panel

input_text.name_mode = Mode
input_text.name_controls = Controls
input_text.name_status_information = Status Information
input_text.name_start = Start
input_text.name_pause = Pause
input_text.name_stop = Stop
input_text.name_find_me = Find Me
input_text.name_quiet = Quiet
input_text.name_turbo = Turbo
input_text.name_max = Max
input_text.name_balanced = Balanced
input_text.name_mop = Mop
input_text.name_vacuum_error_sensor = Error sensor
input_text.name_vacuum_battery = Battery
input_text.name_cleaning_count = Cleaning count
input_text.name_total_cleaned_area = Total cleaned area
input_text.name_total_cleaning_time = Total cleaning time
input_text.name_main_brush_time_left = Main brush time left
input_text.name_side_brush_time_left = Side brush time left
input_text.name_filter_time_left = Filter time left
input_text.name_sensor_dirty_time_left = Sensor dirty time left

input_text.name_garage_doors = Garage Doors