[text]
input_text.name_header_secondary_lights = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_devices = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_climate = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_security = Oversikt
input_text.name_header_secondary_automations = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_battery = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_calendar = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_cleaning = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_computers = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_energy = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_floorplan = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_laundry = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_location = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_media = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_scenes = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_system = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_traffic = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_vacuum = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_weather = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_menu = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_alarm = Oversikt 
input_text.name_header_secondary_download = Oversikt 

input_text.name_header_secondary_covers = Oversikt
input_text.name_header_covers = Covers
input_text.name_covers = Covers
input_text.name_covers_label = panel

input_text.name_custom = Egendefinert
input_text.name_favorites = Favoritter
input_text.name_all = Alle
input_text.name_power = Effekt
input_text.name_frost = Frost
input_text.name_protection = Beskyttelse
input_text.name_heat = Varme
input_text.name_on = 'På'
input_text.name_off = 'Av'
input_text.name_header_about = Om
input_text.name_header_automations = Automasjoner
input_text.name_header_battery = Batteri
input_text.name_header_calendar = Kalender
input_text.name_header_system = System
input_text.name_header_computers = Datamaskiner
input_text.name_header_energy = Energi
input_text.name_header_media = Media
input_text.name_header_floorplan = Floor Plan
input_text.name_header_laundry = Vaskerom
input_text.name_header_location = Posisjon
input_text.name_header_traffic = Trafikkinformasjon
input_text.name_header_weather = Vær
input_text.name_header_alarm = Alarm
input_text.name_header_climate = Klima
input_text.name_header_lights = Lys
input_text.name_header_devices = Enheter
input_text.name_header_security = Sikkerhet
input_text.name_header_cleaning = Rengjøring
input_text.name_header_scenes = Scener
input_text.name_header_remote = Fjernkontroll
input_text.name_header_vacuum = Støvsuger
input_text.name_header_menu = Meny
input_text.name_header_settings = Innstillinger
input_text.name_presets = Forhåndsinnstillinger
input_text.name_thermostat = Termostat
input_text.name_fans = Vifter
input_text.name_temperature = Temperatur
input_text.name_humidity = Luftfuktighet
input_text.name_air_pressure = Lufttrykk
input_text.name_cameras = Kameraer
input_text.name_doors = Dører
input_text.name_windows = Vinduer
input_text.name_motion = Bevegelse
input_text.name_other = Andre
input_text.name_good_morning = God morgen
input_text.name_good_afternoon = God ettermiddag
input_text.name_good_evening = God kveld
input_text.name_good_night = God natt
input_text.name_battery = Batteri-
input_text.name_battery_label = oversikt
input_text.name_automation = Automasjons-
input_text.name_automation_label = behandler
input_text.name_calendar = Kalender
input_text.name_calendar_label = Oversikt
input_text.name_computer = Datamaskin
input_text.name_computer_label = Overvåkning
input_text.name_download = Nedlastnings-
input_text.name_download_label = behandler
input_text.name_energy = Energi-
input_text.name_energy_label = oversikt
input_text.name_floorplan = Floorplan
input_text.name_floorplan_label = Kart
input_text.name_laundry = Vaske-
input_text.name_laundry_label = rom
input_text.name_location = Posisjon
input_text.name_location_label = Kart
input_text.name_media = Media-
input_text.name_media_label = senter
input_text.name_system = System
input_text.name_system_label = Overvåkning
input_text.name_traffic = Trafikk-
input_text.name_traffic_label = informasjon
input_text.name_weather = Vær-
input_text.name_weather_label = informasjon
input_text.name_light = Lys-
input_text.name_light_label = styring
input_text.name_device = Enhets-
input_text.name_device_label = kontroll
input_text.name_climate = Klima-
input_text.name_climate_label = kontroll
input_text.name_security = Sikkerhets-
input_text.name_security_label = panel
input_text.name_cleaning = Rengjørings-
input_text.name_cleaning_label = Liste
input_text.name_scene = Scene-
input_text.name_scene_label = kontroll
input_text.name_vacuum = Støvsuger-
input_text.name_vacuum_label = kontroll
input_text.name_remote = Fjernkontroll
input_text.name_remote_label = Styring
input_text.name_alarm = Alarm-
input_text.name_alarm_label = panel

input_text.name_mode = Mode
input_text.name_controls = Controls
input_text.name_status_information = Status Information
input_text.name_start = Start
input_text.name_pause = Pause
input_text.name_stop = Stop
input_text.name_find_me = Find Me
input_text.name_quiet = Quiet
input_text.name_turbo = Turbo
input_text.name_max = Max
input_text.name_balanced = Balanced
input_text.name_mop = Mop
input_text.name_vacuum_error_sensor = Error sensor
input_text.name_vacuum_battery = Battery
input_text.name_cleaning_count = Cleaning count
input_text.name_total_cleaned_area = Total cleaned area
input_text.name_total_cleaning_time = Total cleaning time
input_text.name_main_brush_time_left = Main brush time left
input_text.name_side_brush_time_left = Side brush time left
input_text.name_filter_time_left = Filter time left
input_text.name_sensor_dirty_time_left = Sensor dirty time left

input_text.name_garage_doors = Garasjeporter